Update regression metrics docs (#339)
pytorch/ignite: docs/source/contrib/metrics.rst

.. automodule:: ignite.contrib.metrics
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :imported-members:

Regression metrics
------------------

Module `ignite.contrib.metrics.regression` provides implementations of

> metrics useful for the regression task. Definitions of metrics are based on `Botchkarev 2018`_, page 30 "Appendix 2. Metrics mathematical definitions".

Reviewer: I would probably just change "useful for the regression task" -> "useful for regression tasks". Otherwise, loos great!

> metrics useful for the regression task. Definitions of metrics are based on `Botchkarev 2018`_, page 30 "Appendix 2. Metrics mathematical definitions".

Author: ```suggestion
metrics useful for regression tasks. Definitions of metrics are based on `Botchkarev 2018`_, page 30 "Appendix 2. Metrics mathematical definitions".
```

.. automodule:: ignite.contrib.metrics
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :imported-members:

Regression metrics
------------------

Module `ignite.contrib.metrics.regression` provides implementations of

> metrics useful for the regression task. Definitions of metrics are based on `Botchkarev 2018`_, page 30 "Appendix 2. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
metrics useful for the regression task. Definitions of metrics are based on `Botchkarev 2018`_, page 30 "Appendix 2". 
```

Author: Actually the full sentence is "Appendix 2. Metrics mathematical definitions".

Author: Maybe I should remove the line-break ?
